A news post for the second iteration of TCRS at ESWEEK 2024 (#4)
tcrs-ws/tcrs-ws.github.io: _posts/2024-04-03-tcrs24.md

---
layout: post
title:  ""Second edition of TCRS at EWSEEK '24!"
date:   2023-04-03 16:10:22 -0800
categories: News
---

> We are excited to announce the second iteration of the workshop on Time-Centric Reactive Software (TCRS), co-located with Embedded Systems Week (ESWEEK) 2024. This full-day workshop will be held in Raleigh, NC, USA, during the week of September 29 - October 4, 2024 (the exact date to be decided). TCRS addresses the critical role of timing in concurrent, distributed, and cyber-physical systems, a factor often emergent in software semantics but pivotal for the ESWEEK community. It aims to highlight and discuss innovative work that prioritizes timing in programming paradigms, languages, and hardware-software interfaces, showcasing advancements in programming languages and models for timed systems. The objective of this workshop is to foster an exchange of insights and strategies, scrutinize diverse methodologies, and pinpoint both promising avenues and significant challenges. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are excited to announce the second iteration of the workshop on Time-Centric Reactive Software (TCRS), now co-located with Embedded Systems Week (ESWEEK) 2024. This full-day workshop will be held in Raleigh, NC, USA, during the week of September 29 - October 4, 2024 (the exact date to be decided). TCRS addresses the critical role of timing in concurrent, distributed, and cyber-physical systems, all of which are a key focus areas of the ESWEEK community. It aims to highlight and discuss innovative work that prioritizes timing in programming paradigms, languages, and hardware-software interfaces, showcasing advancements in programming languages and models for timed systems. The objective of this workshop is to foster an exchange of insights, identification key challenges and opportunities, and evaluation of a broad range of methodologies and strategies related to achieving timed behavior in computer systems.
```
